Company tags (#1315)
codatio/codat-docs: docs/using-the-api/webhooks/create-consumer.md

If your consumer endpoint is behind a firewall or NAT, you'll need to allow-list IP addresses `4.159.114.108` and `20.117.190.191`.
:::

### Route webhooks

Codat supports routing webhooks for specific companies using [tags](/using-the-api/managing-companies#add-metadata-to-a-company).
You can configure an endpoint to route webhooks for companies with a specific tag when creating or updating a webhook consumer in the portal.

Codat supports up to 10 company tags per consumer.
A message will be attempted to be delivered when any tag defined on a company matches any tag defined on a consumer.

To do this, simply add the desired tag in the **Company tags** field. Tags should be formatted as a key-value pair, separated by a colon.
For example, to route webhooks for companies tagged with a `region` value of `us`, set the **Company tags** field to `region:us`.

> TODO: Add a screenshot once supported.

Reviewer: dont forget this todo

![A fragment of the webhook UI that displays the detailed endpoint view with two custom headers added to it](/img/use-the-api/0050-custom-headers-section.png)

### Route webhooks

> You can configure an endpoint to route webhooks to specific companies by using tags. You need to [add the tags to the company](/using-the-api/managing-companies#add-metadata-to-a-company) first. Then, add the desired tag to the **Company tags** field when creating or updating a webhook consumer. 

Reviewer 2: ```suggestion
You can configure webhooks to trigger for specific companies based on [tags](link). This can be used for usecases X Y Z. Add the desired tag to the **Company tags** field when creating or updating a webhook consumer. 

You'll need to [add the tags to the company](/using-the-api/managing-companies#add-metadata-to-a-company) first. 
```

We will attempt to deliver a message when a tag defined on a company matches a tag defined on a webhook consumer.

Tags should be formatted as a key-value pair separated by a colon. For example, to route webhooks for companies tagged with a `region` value of `us`, set the **Company tags** field to `region:us`. You can add up to 10 company tag per webhook consumer.

> TODO: Add a screenshot once supported.

Reviewer: dont forget this todo
